Initial release of Illusion of Luanda (#7559)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/quests/quests_16_2_illusion.txt

		next;
		mes "[Luanda]";
		mes "Still, the village chief, the best elder in the village, seems to have suffered less damage because he was calm. Thanks for the story.";
		next;
		ill_luanda = 16;
		getexp 1120000,650000;
		erasequest 5847;
		mes "Reported to Luanda and gained experience.";
		close;
	}
	if (ill_luanda == 17) {// SATURDAY vortex 42/215
		mes "[Luanda]";
		mes "What's up, adventurer?";
		next;
		mes "I told Luanda the story of meeting the brothers who ran somewhere in a hurry.";
		next;
		mes "[Luanda]";
		mes "You must have seen the day my brothers and I came back from hunting. There was a big disaster in the village and it was the next day.";
		next;
		mes "[Luanda]";
		mes "Kuh.. If me and my brothers hadn't emptied the village... the people wouldn't have been taken by the monsters...";
		next;
		mes "[Luanda]";
		mes "If so... the sister-in-law also...";
		next;
		select( "It's not your fault" );
		mes "[Luanda]";
		mes "I know. It's not because of me and my brothers.. but.. that day.. we.. .. .. it's just a pity";
		next;
		select( "You'd better calm down first." );
		mes "[Luanda]";

> 		mes "You've shown the adventurer something you wouldn't have seen. I'm just here to tell you what I saw...";

Author: hmm not sure, but it seems correct!

	end;
OnTouch:
	if (ill_luanda == 1) {	// first time (any 1_SHADOW_NPC trigger it)
		mes "It's a bizarre shimmer that you're likely to be sucked into.";
		next;
		ill_luanda = 2;
		setquest 5847;
		mes "It seems like a phenomenon that can't be ignored. I'll have to talk to Luanda, the head of defense.";
		close;
	}
	if (ill_luanda == 3) {
		cloakoffnpcself( "First Young#LuE01" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Second Young#LuE01" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Third Young#LuE01" );
		end;
	}
	if (ill_luanda == 4) {
		cloakoffnpcself( "Second Young#LuE01" );
		end;
	}
	if (ill_luanda == 14) {
		cloakoffnpcself( "Chief#LuE06" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Villager#LuE061" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Villager#LuE062" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Villager#LuE063" );
		end;
	}
	end;
}

com_d02_i,152,40,6	script	Second Young#LuE01	4_M_THAIONGBAK,{
	if (ill_luanda == 3) {
		npctalk "Brother? Are you ready? Are you leaving soon? Time is running out.", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Second Young]";
		mes "Brother? Are you ready? Are you leaving soon? Time is running out.";
		next;
		npctalk "Yes. As the second said, we'd better start quickly. I don't feel very good.", "First Young#LuE01", bc_self;
		mes "[First Young]";

> 		mes "Yes. As the second said, it's better to start quickly. I'm not very good at it.";

Author: You mean it should be `"I don't feel very good.";`, right?

		next;
		npctalk "Don't talk negatively. Everyone's alive. Cancer isn't alive...", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Chief]";
		mes "Don't talk negatively. Everyone's alive. Cancer is not alive...";
		next;
		npctalk "Ha.. But Chief..", "Villager#LuE063", bc_self;
		mes "[Chief]";
		mes "Ha.. but Chief..";
		next;
		npctalk "Huh.. What should I do... As Luanda advised, we have to escape to this place...", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Chief]";
		mes "Huh.. What should I do.. As Luanda advised, we have to escape to this place...";
		next;
		npctalk "Huh? You haven't seen it? Did you get caught up in your travels? Tsk tsk, you're out of luck..", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Chief]";
		mes "Huh? You haven't seen it? Did you get caught up in your travels? Tsk tsk, you're out of luck..";
		next;
		npctalk "We're in no position to take care of anyone right now, so take care of yourself..", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Chief]";
		mes "We're in no position to take care of anyone right now, so take care of yourself..";
		next;
		cloakonnpcself();
		cloakonnpcself( "Villager#LuE061" );
		cloakonnpcself( "Villager#LuE062" );
		cloakonnpcself( "Villager#LuE063" );
		ill_luanda = 15;
		setquest 5847;

> 		mes "The chief who worried about me has disappeared. I have to tell Mr. Luanda what I've been through.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "The Chief who is worried about me has disappeared. I have to tell Mr. Luanda what I've been through.";
```

com_d02_i,154,26,6	duplicate(dummy_cloaked_npc)	Villager#LuE063	4_M_02

// SATURDAY
com_d02_i,42,215,1	script	Shimmer#Lu06	1_SHADOW_NPC,7,7,{
	specialeffect EF_M07;
	end;
OnTouch:
	if (ill_luanda == 1) {	// first time (any 1_SHADOW_NPC trigger it)
		mes "It's a bizarre shimmer that you're likely to be sucked into.";
		next;
		ill_luanda = 2;
		setquest 5847;
		mes "It seems like a phenomenon that can't be ignored. I'll have to talk to Luanda, the head of defense.";
		close;
	}
	if (ill_luanda == 16) {
		cloakoffnpcself( "First Young#LuE07" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Second Young#LuE07" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Third Young#LuE07" );
		end;
	}
	end;
}

com_d02_i,43,219,4	script	Third Young#LuE07	4_M_THAIONGBAK,{
	if (ill_luanda == 16) {
		npctalk "Brothers, it looks like you hunt well this time.", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Third Young]";
		mes "Brothers, it looks like you hunt well this time.";
		next;
		npctalk "Something was a bit sinister, but I think this time it will be quite profitable, youngest.", "First Young#LuE07", bc_self;
		mes "[First Young]";
		mes "Something was a bit sinister, but I think it will be quite profitable this time, youngest.";
		next;

> 		npctalk "Huh? Brother, hey.. I've seen him before.", "", bc_self;
> 		mes "[Third Young]";
> 		mes "Huh? Brother, over there.. I saw an outsider before.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "Huh? Brother, over there.. I've seen him before.", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Third Young]";
		mes "Huh? Brother, over there.. I've seen him before.";
```

		next;
		npctalk "Yeah, I guess so? That's a face I can remember too.", "First Young#LuE07", bc_self;
		mes "[First Young]";
		mes "Yeah, I guess so? That's a face I remember too.";
		next;
		npctalk "I heard that the stern-faced second warned you, but what a fearless outsider you are.", "The First Young#LuE07", bc_self;
		mes "[First Young]";

> 		mes "I heard that the stern-faced second warned you, but you're a fearless stranger.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "I heard that the stern-faced second warned you, but what a fearless outsider you are.";
```

		next;
		npctalk "Brother.. I'm all the same..", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Third Young]";

> 		mes "Brother.. I'm all the same spirit..";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Brother.. I'm all the same..";
```

		next;
		npctalk "Brother! It's a big deal. Ma.. The smell of blood comes from the village.", "Second Young#LuE07", bc_self;
		mes "[Second Young]";
		mes "Brother! It's a big deal. Ma.. The smell of blood is coming from the village.";
		next;
		npctalk "What? Smell of blood? Smell of blood from the village side? No way? It's not time to pay attention to strangers. Let's go quickly.", "First Young#LuE07", bc_self;
		mes "[First Young]";
		mes "What? Smell of blood? Smell of blood from the village side? No way? It's not time to pay attention to strangers. Let's go quickly.";
		next;
		cloakonnpcself( "First Young#LuE07" );
		cloakonnpcself( "Second Young#LuE07" );
		cloakonnpcself();
		ill_luanda = 17;
		setquest 5847;
		mes "The brothers disappeared quickly. I have to tell Luanda what happened.";
		close;
	}
	end;

OnInit:
	cloakonnpc();
	end;
}

com_d02_i,39,219,6	duplicate(dummy_cloaked_npc)	First Young#LuE07	4_M_THAIONGBAK
com_d02_i,41,220,4	duplicate(dummy_cloaked_npc)	Second Young#LuE07	4_M_THAIONGBAK

// (re)TUESDAY
com_d02_i,116,94,6	script	Karu#LuE08	4_M_THAIONGBAK,{
	if (ill_luanda == 18) {

> 		npctalk "Ahh! Asudem why? Why? My... how did I find you...", "", bc_self;
> 		mes "[karoo]";
> 		mes "Aww! Asudem why? Why? My... how did I find you...";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "Ahh! Asudem, why? Why? My... how did I find you...", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Karu]";
		mes "Aww! Asudem, why? Why? My... how did I find you...";
```

		next;
		npctalk "Ka.. Karu..", "Asudem#LuE08", bc_self;
		mes "[Asudem]";
		mes "Ka.. Karu..";
		next;

> 		npctalk "Hey hey hey Asudem... honey...", "", bc_self;
> 		mes "[karoo]";
> 		mes "Hey hey hey Asudem.. honey..";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "Hey, hey, hey, Asudem... honey...", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Karu]";
		mes "Hey, hey, hey, Asudem.. honey..";
```

		next;

> 		npctalk "Don't be too sad, Karu.. you found me like this..", "Asudem#LuE08", bc_self;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "Karu, don't be too sad.. You found me like this..", "Asudem#LuE08", bc_self;
```

		mes "[Asudem]";
		mes "Karu, don't be too sad.. You found me like this..";
		next;
		npctalk "I... I'm... glad...", "Asudem#LuE08", bc_self;
		mes "[Asudem]";
		mes "I... I'm... glad...";
		next;

> 		npctalk "This... it's not about dying... their curse... on you...", "", bc_self;
> 		mes "[karoo]";
> 		mes "This.. This means dying is not the problem.. Their curse.. on you..";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "This.. it's not about dying.. their curse.. on you..", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Karu]";
		mes "This.. it's not about dying.. their curse.. on you..";
```

		next;

> 		npctalk "All..you are no longer..", "", bc_self;
> 		mes "[karoo]";
> 		mes "everything.. you no longer..";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "All.. you no longer..", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Karu]";
		mes "All.. you no longer..";
```

		mes "It's a bizarre shimmer that you're likely to be sucked into.";
		next;
		ill_luanda = 2;
		setquest 5847;
		mes "It seems like a phenomenon that can't be ignored. I'll have to talk to Luanda, the head of defense.";
		close;
	}
	if (ill_luanda == 20) {
		cloakoffnpcself( "Silhouette#LuE091" );
		cloakoffnpcself( "Silhouette#LuE092" );
		end;
	}
	end;
}

com_d02_i,268,75,4	script	Silhouette#LuE091	4_GHOST_STAND,{
	if (ill_luanda == 20) {
		npctalk "We must drive out all the humans and take over the land.", "", bc_self;
		mes "[???]";
		mes "We must drive out all the humans and take over the land.";
		next;
		npctalk "Hehehe Other times, I'd say it's crazy, but if we follow a strong leader...", "Silhouette#LuE092", bc_self;
		mes "[???]";
		mes "Hehehe Other times, I'd say it's crazy, but if we follow a strong leader...";
		next;
		npctalk "That's not crazy kkkk.", "", bc_self;
		mes "[???]";
		mes "That's not crazy kkkk.";
		next;
		npctalk "Once we claim the land, the legendary power will be ours too.", "Silhouette#LuE092", bc_self;
		mes "[???]";
		mes "Once we claim the land, the legendary power will be ours too.";
		next;

> 		npctalk "Sniff sniff... I can smell the humans. It's not time to run into them yet. Let's go.", "", bc_self;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		npctalk "Sniff... I can smell the humans. It's not time to run into them yet. Let's go.", "", bc_self;
```
